[Music]
what are these things
yeah re too and re three words to say
about the whole kind of survival horror
it was you know some of the first the
first survival horror games and so it's
just more about the you know that the
shuffling zombies the fact that you
might run a vamo but as operation
Raccoon City you have a third faction
now you know you have these human forces
so it's not just the fact that you're
looking out for these zombies and these
these hunters you know the POWs you're
also looking out for the snipers you're
looking out for the enemy guards with
their machine guns so you have to think
on your feet a lot more and it's a lot
so effectively it's a lot more faster
pace terror of our by Organic serpents
it's not that you just you know you're
going down a corridor and you know
you're checking for zombie you really
have to think sometimes you just have to
run like literal sprint you know which
kind of explains that the fast pace of
it
[Music]
it's not just zombies we've got ba
double use which is basically Pig
montez's so hunters say to sleep with
massive claws on their hands they will
literally wrap their tongue around you
and kill you you've got human opposition
slide the rifles say there's a you're
gonna be excited because there's so many
different action elements to it you know
it's not just for isn't evil where it's
on these if there is so much more to it
which in having an online multiplayer
with a strong campaign it's not just
it's not just focus on one thing it's
given people a variety and it's it's
kind of reaching out to new people as
well I mean don't get me wrong there's
plenty of nods to every risen people
like fan I mean I thought mr. X was
enemy in the game and in this demo you
see that he's in there and the game for
example with base runner isn't even -
there's three times so you'll go through
the game and they're kind of a little
nods towards those hardcore players so
it's kind of just trying to please as
many people as possible and it's
acknowledging that sometimes like in
this instance that the online
multiplayer is
one of the new features is that a zombie
was to bite you you are infected you can
be cured but if you're not cured your
your health will deplete until you die
and you'll see you have no control but
you'll turn into zombie and your attack
your teammates so you watch yourself
attack the teammates of no control and
effective as well you can if you get
shot by a another enemy human Amy you'll
bleed so when you believe the zombies
will smell your blood and hunt after you
and you'll see that you know you'll have
25 zombies on the screen and they were
all Sackhoff your your and your mates
and they will come for you which again
you have to think the u.s. special ops
team they are a team that has been
bought to get rid of the t-virus the
t-virus is how all these zombies have
come about and you need to be as dark as
possible to hide the truth and you'll
see there are a lot of dark things out
there as we play through
we've got him it ends here resident
[Music]